# Entity Information

Information Initial Decentralized Offering (IDO) for Regenerative Organizations Upon the DAO(s) voting to add a regenerative organization, the organization carries out an IDO for the verified and measurable work they have done to date. This IDO is for an organizational work NFT. When carrying out the IDO the regenerative organization is able to tell their story in a text description, add a picture or video to complement their story, as well as add any external links/ data they might want. During the IDO the organization is encouraged to market their offering to their community (emails, texts, group messages, social media). This brings further customers to our ecosystem, supporting not only the regenerative organization doing the IDO but also organizations that are already part. Organizations that are already part of the ecosystem are encouraged to comarket the IDO as the selling of this NFT affects the overall value within the ecosystem. The NFT contains information about (Attributes) Action type: tree planting, regenerative agriculture techniques, solar installation Where: which location was the action carried out, some countries might have higher value towards that action than others or perceived as higher value by others (GIS data). Metric: the measurable quantity of action that increased or maintained native ecosystems. Could be measured through Satellite Imagery, Smart Technology, or Boots on the Ground Real: The certification that this action took place When: When the action took place. Unique: Has a unique ID on a public ledger and can only be counted once. This identifier ties the creation event and the NFT permanently together.Each Credit Class shall stipulate the land ownership type accepted, for example: ● Private ● Public ● Tribal or combination of above qualitative data reporting onboarding entity Project Partners Articles this quarter 0 You wrote only 0 articles. Write an article We suggest a minimum of 1 article per quarter Posts this quarter 0 You added 0 posts. Add a new post We suggest a minimum of 12 posts per quarter (1 per week) Project Description Impact and Benefits Couuntry’s General Context Regional Context Project History Land Management Practices Local Communities Involvement Planting Season How to Visit the Plantations Link to an Article on How You are Doing on Each Below Indigenous tribes Project involves reforestation in protected areas supporting the life of indigenous tribes. Trees are planted by or with the tribes to further protect their habitat and way of living. Team Building Groups and companies can participate in field activities in the project. "Planting days" are organized to generate team building for groups, raise their awareness on climate issues and enjoy the great experience of planting trees. Local heritage Local cultural and environmental heritage is promoted, by documenting and preserving traditional practices for future generations knowledge. Social inclusion The project promotes initiatives for marginalized group’s social inclusion through education and training. Environmental awareness The project cultivates environmental education for adults and/or children to raise environmental awareness. Organic The project is managed without the use of agrochemicals or herbicides. Expert The project is collaborating in reviewing other projects on Tree-Nation and bringing its technical support. Avoid deforestation The project sustainable forest management aids to stop deforestation and forest degradation. Social economy The project places social welfare above profit; the aim is to enhance the community's quality of life, economically, socially, culturally and environmentally. Water Resources Management Water supplies are a part of the project sustainable management, such as improving water quality and quantity and contributing to the reduction of water-related risks such as floods. Gender equality The project aims to reduce inequality between women and men, empowering female farmers/workers. Land restoration The project repairs degraded land back into a healthy and productive land. Education The project helps girls and boys access quality education in properly equipped schools. Afforestation The project is planting trees to create a forest in an area that was previously not forested. Agroforestry The project is planting trees on agricultural land for multiple purposes, including the agricultural use of trees, combined with agricultural crops and/or livestock. Preservation The project owns areas protected from industrial activity to help preserve species and healthy ecosystems for the future and ensure its long-term sustainability. Large scale project Large-scale tree planting involving hundreds of hectares. This project has a planting capacity superior to 100.000 trees. Relieve Poverty The project creates employment opportunities for poor local communities and reduces exposure and vulnerability to extreme weather events. Food security Through a selection of tree species generating edible by-products (fruit, nuts, seeds, edible leafs) the project contributes to improving nutrition of local communities and help the region becoming more resilient to famine. Fights Desertification The project plants trees in arid zones to combat desertification and to help restore degraded land. Award winning project Project management excellence and its various contributions are recognized by received awards. Frequent updates from the field The project communicates regularly (more than once a month) letting you know what’s going on in the field. Other certifications The forest sustainable management of the project is certified, environmentally, economically and/or socially. Certified CO2 offset The project generates carbon offsets certified by a highly recognized voluntary offset standard. Fauna Conservation Animal species protection is a part of the plantation management, such as creation of safe habitats. Conservation The project works to achieve forest health and biodiversity for the benefit and sustainability of current and future generations. Ecotourism The project accommodates guests under ecotourism programs. Infrastructures Some infrastructure projects are developed on the plantations. Scientific Research Planting projects which can receive funding intended for scientific research. CO2 Capture The project holds ideal characteristics for carbon sequestration (CO2 offsets). This include a tropical climate zone, fast growing wood species, certain type of forest and project management. Reforestation The project is planting trees to re-establish forest cover in an area of forest that has been deforested. Students & Volunteers Projects welcoming students in the context of internships or receiving volunteers. Fast Growing & Soil fertilizing Species These trees are strong and easy to grow. Commonly planted in large quantities, they build the base of a plantation system. + Add new species Fruit & Medicinal Species These trees produce the most delicious fruits or very useful ingredients for cosmetic and medicinal purposes. + Add new species Rare & Magnificent Species Some trees impress by their sheer size or longevity, while others hold their particular beauty from their inner fight against the threats of extinction that loom upon them. Akorn is the reward token for the crosschain Ohm structure (liquidity pairs from carbon sequestration, water quality, soil health, etc.) Regenerative Sites The Planting Team Add New Member HardwoodCrypto Project Manager Social links for each Regenerative Project
