# Rewards

A universal basic income for all DAO token holders paid out by wallet address not token amount. Propose this to the Klima DAO community

Provide $30,000 to KlimaDAO’s marketing team with the intent of collaborative marketing between us and MOSS.



* OMMUNITY VALUES & DECENTRALIZED FINANCE - Should the first new carbon asset included in the klima treasury be moss? Is there a risk to adopting a heavily VC-funded, centralized exchange traded asset as the first expansion of the Klima treasury? Is moss a web3-first organization? Does that matter to the Klima community? Does the Klima community value community-engagement first, or just arbitrage and making money? Do our collective values demand of the Klima community that we are adopting co-creative and community supported protocols? What are the values of the Klima community beyond making money? What are the moss organizational values and how to they anticipate collaborating within the decentralized finance community moving forward? What decentralized exchanges will they be listing on? Do they have a decentralized exchange strategy? Why did they list on centralized exchanges first and not take a more community-centric asset listing approach? In a highly connected and highly collaborative blockchain-carbon protocol community, moss seems to be taking divergent tactics in comparison to the other highly defi and highly collaborative projects. Does that even matter?
* CLIMATE EXPERT OPINIONS - What are the role of carbon market expert opinions in decisions around what types of new assets are adding to the Klima treasury? How are we incubating thoughtful, expert informed discussions in the context that the carbon market is extremely nuanced? What is the role of the average defi Klima holder vs. a Klima holder with extensive carbon markets experience in these discussions? Do those of us with extensive experience have an obligation to educate and inform the community when these proposals arrive? Does the Klima community even acknowledge the carbon markets expertise in its own community? Or, is this just a defi, sounds good, hi-five style of approving new assets?
* RISKS TO THE LEGITIMACY OF THE KLIMA PROTOCOL - What is the risk of not extensively scrutinizing new asset proposals to the legitimacy of the Klima treasury? What are the standards that new assets must meet in order to be included in the Klima treasury? Are moss assets the same quality, or lower or higher, than assets already in the treasury? How do we ensure we protect the validity of the protocol by having robust asset types discussions in public forums? Whose role is it to incubate these discussions? Are there standards that first need to be more clearly established before a proposal for a new asset can even be considered by the community?
* UNCLEAR VALUE TO KLIMA HOLDERS - The value to moss in this proposal is the marketability of the moss token which increases if they can say it is accepted into the Klima treasury. However, what is the distinct value that Klima holders, especially HODLers, will gain from the acceptance of moss? The points I raise above highlight that there may not be full values alignment between moss and the klima community - what does the community think? What does the community expect from new asset proposals regarding clear community benefits and is there a role that organizations proposing new assets must first play within the klima community itself in order for its proposal to be considered?
* UNCLEAR ROLES BETWEEN MOSS TOKEN AND BCT AND TCo2 - It is unclear in this proposal if moss is asking for moss token to be directly accepted to the Klima treasury, or if it is expecting to convert moss tokens into BCT to then convert into the treasury? If moss tokens aren't converted to BCTs, does this not put the stability of the BCT and its accompanying pools at risk? Are moss tokens not just the equivalent of a Tco2e NFT (ie. they are just tokenized VCUs)? Does Toucan support this proposal? Are they aware of this proposal? What is the tokenization architecture that moss has used? What chain and what protocol are they using the tokenize these VCUs? Is the technical tokenization design as strong as Toucan's? Does the Klima community need another alternative tokenized credit asset at this juncture? Does this create pool risk or risk to the legitimacy of the BCT asset? Greater clarity would be welcomed around these token and pool mechanics as they directly affect the profitability of community pools and the defi returns of the Klima community. Ensuring tokenization architecture meets a minimum viable criteria for global carbon accounting purposes ought to be further explored.
* CAN WE LEARN MORE ABOUT MOSS - What are moss values? What is their organizational history? What is the structure of the carbon credit deals that allow them to have access to this volume of carbon credits? Since the community is less familiar with their work, it would be good to know more about them at this juncture to ensure transparency across community decisions-making.
* CAN WE LEARN MORE ABOUT THESE TOKENIZED CREDITS - MOSS TOKEN? Are these just tokenized VCUs or is there some additional value-add that is not transparent? Has anyone looked deeply into the validity of these projects, their documentation and verification? Does that due diligence not matter if they are using the same Verra methodologies that are already accepted to the Klima treasury? Since they are trading higher than other carbon credits of the same type, does that indicate there is a value add of the moss token, tokenization generally, or that these assets are over-priced in the marketplace? Will the project developers that have developed these projects be fairly compensated within the deal structure of the moss token? Is this a simply arbitrage or are there other economic benefits these land stewards will receive? Do these land stewards have any role in the tokenization? Should they? Will they reap any of the economic upside of the defi rewards in klima? Are they included or have they been left behind? (I would ask these questions of any project development relationship, which I personally feel are critical values to explore regarding the decentralized empowerment of the role of land stewards in climate impact projects and ensuring economic parity in the marketplace include ALL actors).
* CAN I GET A KLIMA ROADMAP? How will Klima evolve over time? Is there the expectation that Klima will accept multiple types of tokenized carbon assets? How will additional standards be proposed to the community to expand the inclusion criteria? Should we expect Klima to move beyond tokenized carbon? Who makes decisions? How are they made? Can we see the governance standards that the KlimaDAO proposes for how to conduct these proposals and inquiries? Can we put this proposal inside of the broader roadmap context during its consideration period?

Olympus will receive 1.1% fee on all bonds (so accumulates LOBI without emission of new OHM and will be able to participate in Lobis' governance)

Olympus continue expanding its user base

Olympus community receives an airdrop

Lobis will accumulate OHM through the accumulation of OHM/LOBI LP tokens thanks to liquidity bonds

At the launch of project, Lobis will lend LOBI tokens to Olympus which will pair them with its reserve's OHM and enable the bootstraping of the liquidity

The best token projects focus on tokens as a means to build network effects and help govern the network. The token sale is simply a bonus that can be used to facilitate distribution and raise money. Income for DAO members

[https://smartinvoice.xyz/](https://smartinvoice.xyz)

**Opolis Benefits for DAOs**

Trusted Seed- Book Clubs (engage interest) economic incentives for DAO creation the people that are monitoring and ensuring the regenerative activities continue to take place Collaboration of platform with Rebalance Earth, Ecomint, Open Forest Protocol, Bloomeria Collaboration with DAOs in climate+ environment Base of Ohm fork: staked Klima **POAP So am thinking about benefits for being part of Akorn DAO and started thinking about traditional benefits for being part of a company. I created a list of the best benefits companies offer. Do you happen to know of decentralized means for offering such benefits:**[ **https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sHEiyfmOPmZ-7c1dIFe3FIMlsaMKfLrt/edit?usp=sharing\&ouid=118407420055444625212\&rtpof=true\&sd=true**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sHEiyfmOPmZ-7c1dIFe3FIMlsaMKfLrt/edit?usp=sharing\&ouid=118407420055444625212\&rtpof=true\&sd=true) **benefits for health appreciation etc running a node for POS**
