# Beyond Carbon Credits

This regenerative marketplace pays for the activity to be done. Once an activity is paid for, a permanent digital record of this is created. This record contains information about the activity, the measurement and verification methods, and funding amount channeled towards the activity. The record can be sold as is, without the action it paid for being measured and verified. The holder of this record could also wait for the action to become measured and verified. After that, they can hold it or wait longer. If they wait longer, data on the additional benefits from this action will accumulate; such as data about the actions impact on carbon sequestration, soil health, water quality, etc. This data can increase the value of that digital record, NFT. The entire marketplace would be run by DAOs. A global governance DAO as well as different sector DAOs (such as forest, ocean, tundra, etc.). Sector DAOs would be composed of leading scientific experts. When a implementer of a regenerative action wants to get funding to implement the action they would propose it to Akorn. This proposal would include what the action is, where it would be implemented, how the action would be measured and verified, and the cost for the implementer to implement that action. The DAO(s) would then vote to determine if that action is appropriate, if the area of implementation is a priority, if the cost is correct, and that the measurement and verification techniques adhere to community standards. As new actions are proposed, more measurement and verification techniques can be created and updated to work with community standards. By quantifying the priority areas for action implementation according to community feedback, these actions can have more equitable social impact. The digital record containing information about regenerative actions can be traded in an NFT marketplace or the NFT itself can be traded in a marketplace for tokens. Each time the NFT (or tokens) is traded a percentage of that trade goes towards accumulating resources. These resources are then channeled back to further support the implementers of the regenerative action to implement more actions. This provides continued support for the implementers we onboard onto the marketplace. Determined by the Market Once an action is verified to have been completed, the additional benefits from that action start to accrue. An NFT holds information about these benefits and the action itself. At any point in time the holder of that NFT can exchange it for tokens. These tokens are based on the action itself (100 trees recorded planted: 100 tree tokens) or the additional benefits from that action (carbon sequestered, soil nutrients retained, etc.). These tokens are able to be traded in the wider crypto marketplace and from this have a value as determined by the market.
