# Specified Pools

Previously when the decentralized surveillance system collected data and minted tokens of benefits from a regenerative action (such as amount of carbon sequestered). Those tokens were generalized values as to amount of carbon sequestered, water quality improved, etc. However, carbon sequestered from reforestation in the United States might have a different value then if the action were to occur in Uganda. Similarly, there are a bunch of different ways in which to sequester carbon, mechanical versus nature based etc. All of these data points about what makes that regenerative action and its benefits unique can be channeled into the NFT layer. When the NFT holder would like to turn these data points into tokens, the NFT holder can choose to burn their NFT layer (and the data contained in it) in a liquidity pool in exchange for tokens. These liquidity pools can be made more diverse than the tokens previously generated.   automatically channeled If a holder of a layered NFT does not want to sell their NFT on an NFT marketplace they can trade it for tokens. These tokens are key to fair and efficient price discovery. Each pool has a unique configuration and carries a certain logic that dictates which NFT layers can be deposited into it for pool tokens. For example, a NFT layer that has information about tree planting in Nigeria could not deposit their NFT layer into a pool for tree planting in Madagascar, however they could deposit it into the Nigeria tree planting pool for tokens. When the NFT layer depositor successfully deposits the NFT new tokens are created and sent to the depositor’s wallet. These tokens can be traded for USDC or other cryptocurrency value.
